
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->
koanr
=====

`koanr` is (mostly) a data package containing the text for several of the more important Zen koan texts: The Gateless Gate, The Blue Cliff Record, The Record of the Transmission of the Light, and The Book of Equanimity. `koanr` also includes functions for sampling (real) koans and generating (fake) koans.

Example
-------

``` r
library(koanr)
fake_koan()
```

Case \#46: Kyogen's Man Hanging In The Garden

Main Case: Nyojo said, “I have a NATURE but I fear lest, afterwards, there will be no one will be awakened to his TRUE SELF. Gyoshi said, “I too would say that what you desire, Reverend Monk?” How would you undertake to do?” Nyojo said, “I have cleansed you of it.” Tozan said, “Reverend Monk, you should give your explanation. If you argue that you dwell in clarity. Shuzanshu made a bow. Ungan replied, “Once Hyakujo entered the meditation hall to speak about IT !” Gyoshi struck Sekito with the LORD of your heart, Even the tender affection of parents cannot begin to compare IT.” Later Sozan went to Maitreya's abode in a hermitage, two monks who were there went over to the master, “I have searched for my defilement but cannot find it.” Ryûge brought one and gave it to be fought for by force? Bashubanzu answered, “It is most distressing if you do not see what I perform is due to there being no egocentric ‘I’’.” One day, when Tokusan ascended the rostrum and grabbed him. Funyomitta answered, “I remember living in the South, they directly point to a world of selves; his Original Nature is not yet genuine.

Commentary: Although he spoke the words quoted above and, as a child and once again to append his words. Many have misunderstood that stillness of the True Law which is not the blazing light of water; IT resembles water, having neither surface nor interior. Accordingly, Ungan answered, “I have come.” Accordingly we might point out the essentials of meditation. At heart he was liberated and truly independent he had entered the meditation hall and acknowledged Seiryo’s awakening. Tosu said, “This is what the Buddha was residing at.…” After he arrived at the time. Finding this behaviour extraordinary, the emissary reached the passage that says, “They have come from the beginning of time, become thoroughly clear about the Rinzai approach and was freed from the perspective of the winter sacrifice, He suddenly realized the TRUTH. Finally, in the three temporal worlds will, from the kingdom of Magadha and, just as though you have never been enlightened and all the Buddhas will be so also. Had I not cause her to sink to. When he was saying now go beyond even the slightest discrepancy. He answered, “Stop dawdling at the time. Without examining yourselves as to whether or not you have the smallest fragment that we are ordinary and saintly people has not yet a real monk if you try to abandon the six sensory roots are meagre, I venture to say nothing of the monastic robe the month following his arrival; the unseen force of his past wrong-doings and bowed in gratitude, whereupon he composed this verse which he could not jump out of your old rut, it could prove the chance of a Universal Monarch’s turban, the pearl that hung in the whole sky is the TRUE SELF at the time before Kumorata answered, “No one home!” As a babe in arms, he proved no trouble for Bashashita and had never been anyone who looked into it and at dawn he would bow before your very body of Teachings. Today’s story is in the midst of death he entered the quarters of Meditation Master Fuzan Enkan in person Daiyo’s tradition of Daijo Monastery: truly it is not ‘non-existent’. Originally, in the five heinous crimes’; at such a complicated manner? He then shaved the head of Joji-ji. After this confirmation, it became customary for them to Gisei who was in complete accord with the ancient sages realized, I am conscious of the Scriptures” continuing up to the master and disciple; although they are similar they are born so, even though he had not yet dropped off the dropped-off body and the Hinayanist view that death ends life and death.

Capping verse: If in this lifetime you do not conceal HIMSELF. “Even though there may be in such a fine phrase, Without uttering words, he already let it be known. If you meet a sword master on the sharp edge of a tail, that is neither inside nor outside;, Seeing and hearing, sound and form,, are all as the empty blue;, The clouds are winnowed away,, the bright moon, deep in the present story, here again are my humble words today? Here are my humble words. Now, as usual, here are my humble words that try to point out what is going on. Whether one is deep or shallow, It lies in the palm of the old Plum Tree;, Its spiny branches, when the season is ripe,, will burst forth in bloom.
